Updates README file to include nx-cugraph user documentation, adds nx-cugraph to main README (#3984)
rapidsai/cugraph: README.md

Reviewer: Under "Projects that use cuGraph", NetworkX should be mentioned.

</div>

-----
## News

> [nx-cugraph](./python/nx-cugraph/README.md) is a NetworkX backend that's available to provide GPU acceleration to NetworkX.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[nx-cugraph](./python/nx-cugraph/README.md) is a NetworkX backend that provides GPU acceleration to NetworkX with zero code change.

```
